NEW TEST
Summary for 128 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 256 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 512 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 576 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 640 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 704 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
Summary for 784 d_model
success: 0   fail: 1
Summary for 1024 d_model
success: 1   fail: 0
NEW TEST
Summary for 128 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 256 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 512 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 576 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 640 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 704 d_model
success: 5   fail: 5
Summary for 784 d_model
success: 3   fail: 7
Summary for 1024 d_model
success: 0   fail: 10
NEW TEST
Summary for 128 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 256 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 512 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 576 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 640 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 704 d_model
success: 2   fail: 8
NEW TEST
NEW TEST
NEW TEST
Summary for 640 d_model
success: 10   fail: 0
Summary for 704 d_model
success: 5   fail: 5
Summary for 784 d_model
success: 7   fail: 3
Summary for 1024 d_model
success: 3   fail: 7
NEW TEST


Summary for 64 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 128 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 256 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 512 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 576 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 640 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0

Summary for 704 d_model
success: 30   fail: 70

Summary for 784 d_model
success: 36   fail: 64

Summary for 1024 d_model
success: 35   fail: 65

Summary for 2048 d_model
success: 100   fail: 0
Summary for 3072 d_model
success: 5   fail: 0

Summary for 4096 d_model
success: 5   fail: 0
